# CODE OF ETHICS

ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct
 The ACM Code of Ethics and Professional conduct  is dedicated to serving both professional and public interests by promoting the highest professional and ethical standards.Computing professionals have an obligation to consider a systems impact on a broad range of stockholders. The public good should always be the primary consideration No considering all stakeholders is especially dangerous for any human facing software understand how real people in real situations will respond to the software and its behavior is major responsibility. Computing professionals should always uphold, promote, and respect the principles of code that guide their day to day activities by being honest about their qualification being inclusive , engage in practices that are inclusive and  accessible as possible, respect copyrights, patents license agreements and other methods of protecting authors works. Last but not least, Computing professionals should adhere to the principles of the code and contribute to improve them as the future of computing depends on both technical and ethical excellence.

## ETHICS IN THE WORK PLACE

This topic takes a closer look at whether technology can be used for Military purposes. Microsoft insists that if large tech companies don't create the technology to enhance defense systems the country could face serious problems. A select group of Microsoft employees strongly believe the technology that is being developed by Microsoft is not in the best interest of its own employees or humanity in general as it can be used in activities that they did not intend or consider and also feel that this profits the Company from war. On the other hand Microsoft believes the HoloLens technology will keep soldiers safe and make them more effective by delivering enhanced situational awareness enabling information sharing and decision making in a variety of scenarios and also prevent the killing of innocent civilians.

## ETHICS IN TECHNOLOGY

The ethical dilemmas of self-driving cars

Should we trust the technology and artificial intelligence that is available today that enables self driving vehicles or is it too early. Self driving cars are predicted to dramatically reduce traffic accidents and fatalities by removing human error from the driving equation because machines don't have human frailty. However that might also mean we are we're putting unfair expectations on self-driving vehicles given the benefits they promise. Accidents can and will happen and when they do , their outcome may be determined  months or years in advance by programmers and they will have some difficult decisions to make. The ethical concerns over what self-driving cars might do in the future also don't seem to apply to existing vehicles and their current capabilities . Should your find yourself in your self-driving vehicle boxed in on all sides by other cars and a large object falls off the truck in front of you, your car can't stop in time to avoid collision and its decision then might mean it will harm either the car on the left , right . If it's a human making decision it would be considered an instinctual panic move with no malice  . But if it's a programmer where to instruct the car to make the same move given conditions it may sense in the future that may look like a premeditated way to harm a person. These all uncertainties and ethical dilemma of self driving cars has yet to be accepted at a level we trust other technologies like our mobile devices

## TECH COMPANY PRINCIPLES

### Google AI

Google Ai Principles are ethical guides by which the company responsibly develop advanced technologies. Google has a community of experts facilitating the review process to empower teams to build the best products and services for their users. The review process has four stages: intake, analysis, adjustment and decision.  

   Google AI advances will have transformative impacts in a wide range of fields, including healthcare, security, energy, transportation, manufacturing, and entertainment. AI algorithms and datasets can reflect, reinforce, or reduce unfair biases. Google intends  to avoid unjust impacts on people, particularly those related to sensitive characteristics such as race, ethnicity, gender, nationality, income, sexual orientation, ability, and political or religious belief. Google AI technologies will be subject to appropriate human direction and control. The company will design its AI systems to be appropriately cautious, and seek to develop them in accordance with best practices in AI safety research. 
